c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\obj\Debug\CopyField.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\obj\Debug\CopyField.dll
c:\users\akshayh\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\obj\Debug\CopyField.pdb
C:\Users\AkshayH\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\CopyField.dll.config
C:\Users\AkshayH\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\CopyField.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\CopyField.pdb
C:\Users\AkshayH\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CopyField\CopyField\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\CopyField.dll.config
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\CopyField.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\CopyField.pdb
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.TelemetryCorrelation.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\obj\Debug\CopyField.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\obj\Debug\CopyField.dll
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\obj\Debug\CopyField.pdb
C:\Users\AkshayH\Source\Repos\CopyFields\CopyField\obj\Debug\CopyField.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
